The lib/ dir is for library files, mainly classes and utility functions.

File things:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
all.js.php      This gathers all the JavaScript files of the project together and serves 
                them in one go. The file contains a mechanism for caching as well, so the
                server doesn't have to retrieve those files too often (this is disabled in
                development).
                
class.hubbub*   These are class files and are automatically loaded by the class loader in
                lib/hubbub2.php on demand. I really hate class loaders, but there you go.
                Once the code is stable it'd probably make sense to consolidate or compile
                those files into a single one, so APC can cache it in one go.
                
config.php      The basis for all things config. It does a lot of things, some of them even
                necessary. It tries to trick PHP into a somewhat sane runtime configuration.
                And it includes the conf/default.php config file (which is actually a json
                object). Don't edit this file if you wanna mess with your configuration, do
                that in conf/default.php.
                
cq-forms.php    An ancient form generator from three bazillion projects ago. And that crap
                lib/predef/ belongs to it as well.
             
database.php    A very lightweight MySQL DB interface, built around the idea that datasets
                can be associative arrays. It also contains provisions for lightweight
                caching.
                
genlib.php      A ragtag collection of random useful functions.

hubbub.js       These are the JS functions specific to the Hubbub UI (mostly ajax stuff).

hubbub2.php     Hubbub-specific util functions and basic class declarations.

receiver.php    This gets called when Hubbub receives data from another node in the 
                network.
                
special-io.php  I/O functions that didn't make it into genlib.php (will probably be
                replaced or phased out).
                

                
